# What it is

The detail page is essentially your control panel for the documentation hosted at [DocsForCode.com](http://docsforcode.com). From here you can change the subdomain, the default version people will see, as well as the theme (if you have a premium plan).

## Options

Below is a list of options that can be found on the detail page and what they do so you can understand how each option works.

### The URL

The URL, including the subdirectory, that you can find your documentation hosted at. You can share that link anywhere you like. [DocsForCode.com](http://docsforcode.com) hosts all documentation at a `your-repo.docsforcode.com` format by default but can be changed using the Name option below.

### The Name

The name here is simply the name of the subdomain and does NOT have to be the same name as your repository. For example, the repository at `githubuser/foo-repo` will default to `foo-repo.docsforcode.com` but changing the name to `bar` here will allow that same repo to be hosted at `bar.docsforcode.com`.

Once you save, we will check if any other repos are hosted under that name. If there are, you will be prompted to choose a new name. If not then you are welcome to have it!

### The Default Version

This is the version the user will see when they go to your documentation (`your-repo.docsforcode.com` for example) and will be the selected version in the versions dropdown menu. Users will still be able to select different versions of your documentation but will see this version by default.

If you put the `http://docsforcode.com/hook` webhook inside your repo webhook settings then we can maintain versions as you `release` your code. When you `release` on GitHub, come back to us and change the default version to your latest version if you wish for that version to be shown by default.

### Themes

All repositories show under the `basic` theme by default but can be changed if you have a premium plan. Any premium plan will unlock all themes. We are constantly adding themes to our site so if you wish to change the look of your documentation then feel free to choose any theme you wish.

### Documentation Location

Not all documentation is hosted in the same directory. By default we will look inside a `docs/` folder inside your repo and will show a default welcome message by default. If your documentation is hosted in another directory (like `doc/` or `repo/docs` for example) then feel free to tell us the correct directory here.

{info} The directory location should not have a `/` and the end and should look something like `directory/subdirectory` and not `directory/subdirectory/`

### Manual Download

Sometimes you may want to manually pull in your documentation from your repo. An example would be if you have set up your webhook but your documentation is still not updating. Sometimes if you have pushed many times in a short period (like editing files directly on the Github website) then GitHub will start caching files to third parties. We've noticed that there is a time frame of about 2-5 minutes before the caching re updates. 

Or if you simply didn't add the webhook and would like to manually update documentation then you can also use this button to pull in the latest changes.

